hi this is chat from adventure designs I
just was able to take a test ride one of
our customers Mike was so generous to
let me take it for a quick ride this was
just delivered two days ago in
California
we're here at our store with a brand new
L plain white our 1200 GS adventure 2014
this is one of the first ones to hit
California and I just want to share with
you some innovative kind of first
impressions of this bike I've had a 2006
GSA for a long time but just some
impressions one thing that's really neat
is you have your air intake I call them
gills but your air intake for your air
filter right here on both the right side
and then the other side so it's a nice
high air intake snorkel which is I think
is great for water crossings another
unique thing that I think you'll notice
off the bat is there's a one screw that
has this door that opens if you look
inside here you actually have your
coolant level register and this is the
cover that covers the fill valve so if
you need to add coolant you just remove
this one bolt pull this off I think
that's a really neat innovative thing
another thing I'm so glad to see on the
new 14 it's down here low this is the
adjustable on the fly rear brake lever
so for most street riding you just use
the standard let's just fold it away but
if you're gonna be standing or have
stiff boots off-road you just got a
stiff spring you just press this and
flip this riser down and then now you're
set up for offroad standing riding so
I'm so glad to see they use that and
continue to put that on the new 2014 GS
adventures another thing we really like
it that a dynamic esa it just brings a
whole new level of tuning for both rain
off-road whatever situation you throw
out this suspension system dynamic is
going to adjust to the road conditions
so we think that's a real winner you can
see this one came with the Aniki 3
michelin tires
we've found these are great tires it's a
it's a true 80/20 it doesn't look like
it would do that good on fire roads but
it actually does quite well right now we
do have the t Casey Continental
tires in stock in this specific tire
size these have larger wheels I really
like the black wheels black wheels with
spokes it's a 1:20 in the front but 170
in the rear this is the adjustable
windscreen you can see it's a larger
windscreen than the standard
liquid-cooled you have an adjustment
knob right here on the right side so
while riding you can twist this chains
or articulate the angle based on your
riding condition these six four so I
maybe unique a little tall but there's a
little air hitting me on the top of my
shoulder when this is in the up position
and certainly the helmet but it's a very
clean air so neat that you can do that
while riding so I hope that helps you
get excited about some of the new
innovative things on the GS adventure so
initial impressions are we're impressed
we've got a lot of awesome products in
the works for this bike so check back
often for innovative products for going
right onto these gsa's and all can't
wait to spend more time on one of these
bikes let us know your thoughts your
feedback both on our Facebook page and
we love calling and chatting call us at
a phone number or email us and we'd love
to hear your impressions - but I think
BMW has another winner on their hands so
thanks for checking it out and we
appreciate you guys watching this is
chat from adventure designs signing off